Added a user manual and a readme. (#2)
spatialos/UnrealGDKTestGyms: README.md

> # SpatialOS GDK for Unreal Test Gyms Project 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# SpatialOS GDK for Unreal Test Gyms Project
```

* **LICENSE:** Use of the contents of this repository is subject to the [license](LICENSE.md)
* **REPOSITORY:** github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDKTestGyms

> This project is for testing the Unreal GDK. It contains a set of gyms as well as being a minimal project in which to run unit tests.

Reviewer 2: Slight re-order to make it super easy to skim through.

```suggestion
This project is for testing functionality using the SpatialOS GDK for Unreal, it:
* is a minimal project which you can run unit tests in, and
* contains a set of gyms.
```
What does a set of gyms consist of? 
(That is what are the directories and files which make up a gym?)

> For setup instructions, follow the [Get started](https://docs.improbable.io/unreal/latest/get-started/introduction) guide in the GDK for Unreal documentation.

Reviewer 2: These set up instructions talk you through the Example Project and/or the Starter Template project but assume you use auto-install - you don't need to clone the Example Project repo.

There is also a manual install for tboth. I think we should suggest following the Example Project manual-install instructions, replacing links to the Example Project with links to the Test Gyms Project.

```suggestion
**Prerequisite:**

To use this project, you must have followed the [Get started](https://docs.improbable.io/unreal/latest/get-started/introduction) guide in the GDK for Unreal documentation and set up either of the Example Project or the Starter Template project.

**Set up**
* Follow the [manual-install - clone the project](https://docs.improbable.io/unreal/latest/content/get-started/example-project/exampleproject-manual-setup#step-2-clone-the-example-project-repository) instructions for the Example Project.
* Replace the Example Project repository link in the instructions with the Test Gyms Project repository link.
```

We are not currently accepting public contributions. However, we are accepting [issues](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK/issues) and we do want your feedback.

#### Give us feedback
We have released the GDK for Unreal this early in development because we want your feedback. Please come and talk to us about the software and the documentation via: [Discord](https://discordapp.com/channels/311273633307951114/339471548647866368) - [Forums](https://forums.improbable.io/) - [GitHub issues in this repository](https://github.com/spatialos/UnrealGDK/issues).

-------

> 2019-11-06: Page added with limited editorial review

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2019-11-06: Page added with editorial review
```
